Before get into questions can I go back to the slide of just put up the actions that Miles Guo is going take, in the presentation with get to back up. 

Ye, I just want to go over this. Err, Because part of this obviously analysis, the first time a lot of people seeing this information

(oh) a couple of things I would say is the, just the what you seen on the investigations is just the very surface of the material, that Miles and the team has put together, as you see they got the videotape from hotel, they got hours and hours of witness interviews etc. So they got. This is just the obvious surface of it. we are also joined by Mr.Vice Garton from France who was the first person at the scene, in the eye witness.

and he will be available to talk to the media afterwards, also Tony, who headed up the investigation team, and went over, err, I think it was six times, err
It's a very thorough beginning to an investigation and quite shocking when you see the details.

Just to go over, and here’s what I think is most shocking, as I said for those of you who maybe missed the started this.

We're in London, right？ you had the poisoning up the Russian citizens, And you had the unfortunate, it looks like an event that happened in Turkey, and with the columnist Khashoggi, which was caused world consternation.

We just went through, you know, hundreds if not thousands of the best and the brightest of the Chinese people, are either missing, imprisoned, they have their assets stripped.

or they have mysteriously committed suicide or just fall of 40 story buildings.

And what Miles Guo has committed to since he has joined the freedoms of democratic west is to establish one hundred million fund immediately which will be called rule of law fund and its purpose will be to work with the victim's families to gather more information and also to begin to proceed and in whatever venue possible legal remedies for these victims.

So that the people in China on the live stream are watching, err I think Miles Guo and people associated with Miles are making a committed that you’re not alone you're not gonna forgotten and this is the beginning of the process, and I think you have seen from the thoroughness of this initial effort, and this is your only seeing the very basic outlines of both financial investigation and the investigation on untimely demise of the chairman of HNA.

He also will immediately, they have approached him, as you have seen through the critical path of the event have raisen, that after they have accused him of lie about NHA, and all subsequent discloses came out after that, they have come to him to settle, he has refusing to settle, go on to the record, that he will not 
settle with HNA on the defamation suit.

In fact, he all do the exact opposite he put out the September last year and request relevant documents and in discovery process and it was blown off. 

And he's saying the day he's going immediately subpoena all books records, all information and they will interview and take their position from and have full discovery and on every one is associated with this.

and including American, European financial institutes and executives associated with those institutions. When I said the beginning of the process what Miles and others are saying is that financial institutes in the west and executives are no long get free ride on the totalitarian regime of the Chinese communist party.

You are not gonna be able to make money of this, and you are not be held accountable. You are going to be held accountable，also immediately he is gonna do a counter-claim against HNA and all associated parties related to the defamation suit. In addition，he's gonna gather all the information from the investigative group, and turn that over to the appropriate authorities, that they can do whatever they think is necessary.

Last but not least, this presentation and other presentation Miles has committed that he will take throughout the United states to go the various cities to make sure people in those cities and communities get the full briefings.

He also committed to a degree that he can do overseas and spread this.(有问题)

Now Miles Guo has wrote a pretty big cheque today which have to be cashed, in this presentation. 

principally he is saying that HNA and associated with the Chinese Community Party is not just an intelligence asset but money laundering asset of senior officials with the CCP and the company.

And he is highly confident that when all the information is turned over and using the rule of law of the American courts.

and that will be shown in the transparency that one needs. 

It's shocking to me that it is taken to November of 2018 for this to happen,

The recklessness of the Chinese Community Party's senior officials and the recklessness of the financial institution and senior executives in those institutions to allow this to happen is nothing short of stunning.

And we would like to do we run over the time we will take questions, and then we're gonna to make you a full access, the medias will have full access to Miles, to Mr.Gittan from France to Tony investigators, to myself. 

Afterwards you would like to take a few questions what we are gonna do is, I want you to identify yourself, I know of a few of you but please identify yourself so the live stream audiences can hear you, and we're gonna take, we're gonna make sure it is translated so Miles can answer the questions，I like to start with Sasha Gong from a columnist from the South China Morning post.

龚小夏发言 Mr. Steve :I have to correct you that's not the case, I just write for them. Anyway I think I earn my right to tap the first question since I almost lost my job.

Bannon:Since you start this.

Well anyway the question is that Miles Guo what you said today and what you said in the past year and half, was pretty incredible.

and you remembered in the beginning in Chinese is that "审贼一样审了两天" because I did not believe a lot of it,

And now I have been doing a lot of investigation on this and working on so
what surprise me is that I don't see a lot of media attention media report on what you said because it is pretty incredible.

And as a media person I wonder how much pressure the Chinese government put on the international media.

In my case I have dozens of my friends in China being arrested one of them actually Steve you may have your first case my fried Dr.刘鹏飞 last name 刘L-I-U 鹏飞

he spread your word he is my friend he was arrested last September he still in jail he has been tortured, very miserable story，

I hope you guys will pay attention to him, but you know，question to him to and his friends, dozens of my friends to pressure me to shut up,

so I wonder if other people other members of the international media also you know suffered such pressure and otherwise why don't we see more reports on what you said

actual and another question two, one more question is that I read some documents and I read the New York times report,

it said that the Chinese government was willing to pay three billion US dollars to get you back, do you have more details of that information and in what way they can pay the three billion dollars and one more question to Mr. Bannon is that is the Trump administration aware of you know what's happening here? 

Thank you

than you 20181128